greatness is the most demanding mistress
you're ever going to encounter and I
understand the advice that I'm about to
give you is not for everyone most people
should turn this off but if you're gonna
stick with me if you're going to listen
to what I have to say it's because you
want something tremendous in your life
you want to stand out from everyone else
you want to do something more than other
people think it's possible you literally
want to stand outside the norm and if
that's the case for you then understand
that as Albert Einstein said only one
who devotes himself to a cause with his
whole strength and soul can be a true
master
for this reason mastery demands all of a
person if you want to get great if you
really want to make a skill set your own
if you want to be able to do something
and at the end of the day if you want to
transform the world if you want to make
grand changes if you want to do all of
that all the empty words that
people spout all the time let me tell
you the only thing that's going to
separate you from all the other
blowhards we're just talking words and
we'll never do anything is to give
yourself over completely to let that
obsession let that thing that you love
completely consume you and in that your
only chance to really become great lies
as friends Kafka said don't bend don't
water down don't try to make it logical
rather follow your most intense
obsessions mercilessly can you do that
can you become mercilessly obsessed
can you let something occupy you to
where all logic and reason is gone out
the window and the only thing that
matters is whether or not you
accomplish will you hold yourself
accountable to metrics will you look at
the world and see am I actually making
change are you prepared to hold yourself
to that standard because if you are
there is nothing you can't do if
you're willing to take that
responsibility on to transform yourself
as a human being if you give your self
over to getting great if you give
yourself over to that obsession if you
feed it like you would feed a beast if
you feed it like you would feed a fire
that can wipe out an entire mountainside
then you've got a chance but it's got to
burn within you like that you've got to
feed it like that you've got to feed its
skills you've got to get better every
day you've got to constantly wake up and
understand exactly what it is you're
building towards that and build towards
it with a relentlessness that other
people think is mania that other people
can see only madness in what you do and
if you can push yourself to that level
then the world will bend to your will
[Music]